Clarify model versioning guidelines and registration requirements (#23)
iiasa/ece-docs: scenario-databases.rst

* A model mapping to perform region aggregation from *native_regions* to
  *common_regions* and renaming of model native regions (optional)

.. note::

>     **When to update the model version number**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **When to change the model version number**
```

    The version number should (only) be changed if:
    

>     a) the regional resolution of the model changes (like adding more countries/regions), or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a) the regional resolution of the model changes (e.g., adding more countries/regions), or
```
